19
[{'id': '5725f00938643c19005acedb', 'title': 'Fresno,_California', 'context': 'The neighborhood includes Kearney Boulevard, named after early 20th century entrepreneur and millionaire M. Theo Kearney, which extends from Fresno Street in Southwest Fresno about 20 mi (32 km) west to Kerman, California. A small, two-lane rural road for most of its length, Kearney Boulevard is lined with tall palm trees. The roughly half-mile stretch of Kearney Boulevard between Fresno Street and Thorne Ave was at one time the preferred neighborhood for Fresno\'s elite African-American families. Another section, Brookhaven, on the southern edge of the West Side south of Jensen and west of Elm, was given the name by the Fresno City Council in an effort to revitalize the neighborhood\'s image. The isolated subdivision was for years known as the "Dogg Pound" in reference to a local gang, and as of late 2008 was still known for high levels of violent crime.', 'question': 'What area of Brookhaven is still known for its high levels of crime?', 'answers': {'text': ['The isolated subdivision', 'Dogg Pound'], 'answer_start': [701, 754]}, 'predicted_answer': 'Kearney Boulevard'}, {'id': '57263b1638643c19005ad333', 'title': 'Packet_switching', 'context': "Both X.25 and Frame Relay provide connection-oriented operations. But X.25 does it at the network layer of the OSI Model. Frame Relay does it at level two, the data link layer. Another major difference between X.25 and Frame Relay is that X.25 requires a handshake between the communicating parties before any user packets are transmitted. Frame Relay does not define any such handshakes. X.25 does not define any operations inside the packet network. It only operates at the user-network-interface (UNI). Thus, the network provider is free to use any procedure it wishes inside the network. X.25 does specify some limited re-transmission procedures at the UNI, and its link layer protocol (LAPB) provides conventional HDLC-type link management procedures. Frame Relay is a modified version of ISDN's layer two protocol, LAPD and LAPB. As such, its integrity operations pertain only between nodes on a link, not end-to-end. Any retransmissions must be carried out by higher layer protocols. The X.25 UNI protocol is part of the X.25 protocol suite, which consists of the lower three layers of the OSI Model. It was widely used at the UNI for packet switching networks during the 1980s and early 1990s, to provide a standardized interface into and out of packet networks. Some implementations used X.25 within the network as well, but its connection-oriented features made this setup cumbersome and inefficient. Frame relay operates principally at layer two of the OSI Model. However, its address field (the Data Link Connection ID, or DLCI) can be used at the OSI network layer, with a minimum set of procedures. Thus, it rids itself of many X.25 layer 3 encumbrances, but still has the DLCI as an ID beyond a node-to-node layer two link protocol. The simplicity of Frame Relay makes it faster and more efficient than X.25. Because Frame relay is a data link layer protocol, like X.25 it does not define internal network routing operations. For X.25 its packet IDs---the virtual circuit and virtual channel numbers have to be correlated to network addresses. The same is true for Frame Relays DLCI. How this is done is up to the network provider. Frame Relay, by virtue of having no network layer procedures is connection-oriented at layer two, by using the HDLC/LAPD/LAPB Set Asynchronous Balanced Mode (SABM). X.25 connections are typically established for each communication session, but it does have a feature allowing a limited amount of traffic to be passed across the UNI without the connection-oriented handshake. For a while, Frame Relay was used to interconnect LANs across wide area networks. However, X.25 and well as Frame Relay have been supplanted by the Internet Protocol (IP) at the network layer, and the Asynchronous Transfer Mode (ATM) and or versions of Multi-Protocol Label Switching (MPLS) at layer two. A typical configuration is to run IP over ATM or a version of MPLS. <Uyless Black, X.25 and Related Protocols, IEEE Computer Society, 1991> <Uyless Black, Frame Relay Networks, McGraw-Hill, 1998> <Uyless Black, MPLS and Label Switching Networks, Prentice Hall, 2001> < Uyless Black, ATM, Volume I, Prentice Hall, 1995>", 'question': 'WHat do x.25 and Frame Relay both require', 'answers': {'text': ['connection-oriented operations. But X.25 does it at the network layer of the OSI Model. Frame Relay does it at level two, the data link layer', 'a handshake between the communicating parties before any user packets are transmitted', 'connection-oriented operations'], 'answer_start': [34, 253, 34]}, 'predicted_answer': 'handshake'}, {'id': '5726414e271a42140099d7e7', 'title': 'Packet_switching', 'context': "Merit Network, Inc., an independent non-profit 501(c)(3) corporation governed by Michigan's public universities, was formed in 1966 as the Michigan Educational Research Information Triad to explore computer networking between three of Michigan's public universities as a means to help the state's educational and economic development. With initial support from the State of Michigan and the National Science Foundation (NSF), the packet-switched network was first demonstrated in December 1971 when an interactive host to host connection was made between the IBM mainframe computer systems at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor and Wayne State University in Detroit. In October 1972 connections to the CDC mainframe at Michigan State University in East Lansing completed the triad. Over the next several years in addition to host to host interactive connections the network was enhanced to support terminal to host connections, host to host batch connections (remote job submission, remote printing, batch file transfer), interactive file transfer, gateways to the Tymnet and Telenet public data networks, X.25 host attachments, gateways to X.25 data networks, Ethernet attached hosts, and eventually TCP/IP and additional public universities in Michigan join the network. All of this set the stage for Merit's role in the NSFNET project starting in the mid-1980s.", 'question': 'What set the stage for Merits role in NSFNET', 'answers': {'text': ['Ethernet attached hosts, and eventually TCP/IP and additional public universities in Michigan join the network', 'the network was enhanced', 'TCP/IP'], 'answer_start': [1166, 867, 1206]}, 'predicted_answer': 'starting in the mid-1980s'}, {'id': '57264b3edd62a815002e80ac', 'title': 'Black_Death', 'context': 'Medical knowledge had stagnated during the Middle Ages. The most authoritative account at the time came from the medical faculty in Paris in a report to the king of France that blamed the heavens, in the form of a conjunction of three planets in 1345 that caused a "great pestilence in the air". This report became the first and most widely circulated of a series of plague tracts that sought to give advice to sufferers. That the plague was caused by bad air became the most widely accepted theory. Today, this is known as the Miasma theory. The word \'plague\' had no special significance at this time, and only the recurrence of outbreaks during the Middle Ages gave it the name that has become the medical term.', 'question': 'What is the newer, more widely accepted theory behind the spread of the plague?', 'answers': {'text': ['That the plague was caused by bad air', 'bad air', 'great pestilence in the air'], 'answer_start': [422, 452, 266]}, 'predicted_answer': 'Miasma theory'}, {'id': '5726ae32708984140094cdae', 'title': 'Genghis_Khan', 'context': 'As an incentive for absolute obedience and following his rule of law, the Yassa code, Temüjin promised civilians and soldiers wealth from future possible war spoils. As he defeated rival tribes, he did not drive away enemy soldiers and abandon the rest. Instead, he took the conquered tribe under his protection and integrated its members into his own tribe. He would even have his mother adopt orphans from the conquered tribe, bringing them into his family. These political innovations inspired great loyalty among the conquered people, making Temüjin stronger with each victory.', 'question': 'What did Temüjin offer the people he conquered in order earn their loyalty?', 'answers': {'text': ['his protection', 'political innovations', 'protection and integrated its members into his own tribe.'], 'answer_start': [297, 466, 301]}, 'predicted_answer': 'civilians and soldiers wealth from future possible war spoils'}, {'id': '5726b879708984140094cf04', 'title': 'Genghis_Khan', 'context': "Accounts of Genghis Khan's life are marked by claims of a series of betrayals and conspiracies. These include rifts with his early allies such as Jamukha (who also wanted to be a ruler of Mongol tribes) and Wang Khan (his and his father's ally), his son Jochi, and problems with the most important shaman, who was allegedly trying to drive a wedge between him and his loyal brother Khasar. His military strategies showed a deep interest in gathering good intelligence and understanding the motivations of his rivals, exemplified by his extensive spy network and Yam route systems. He seemed to be a quick student, adopting new technologies and ideas that he encountered, such as siege warfare from the Chinese. He was also ruthless, demonstrated by his tactic of measuring against the linchpin, used against the tribes led by Jamukha.", 'question': 'What aspect of the economy did Genghis Khan exploit for intelligence gathering?', 'answers': {'text': ['Yam route systems', 'understanding the motivations of his rivals'], 'answer_start': [562, 472]}, 'predicted_answer': 'military'}, {'id': '5726f7715951b619008f8390', 'title': 'Pharmacy', 'context': 'The reason for the majority rule is the high risk of a conflict of interest and/or the avoidance of absolute powers. Otherwise, the physician has a financial self-interest in "diagnosing" as many conditions as possible, and in exaggerating their seriousness, because he or she can then sell more medications to the patient. Such self-interest directly conflicts with the patient\'s interest in obtaining cost-effective medication and avoiding the unnecessary use of medication that may have side-effects. This system reflects much similarity to the checks and balances system of the U.S. and many other governments.[citation needed]', 'question': "Where might the doctor's self-interest be at odds with the patient's self-interest?", 'answers': {'text': ['in obtaining cost-effective medication and avoiding the unnecessary use of medication that may have side-effects', 'obtaining cost-effective medication', 'the physician has a financial self-interest in "diagnosing" as many conditions as possible'], 'answer_start': [390, 393, 128]}, 'predicted_answer': 'checks and balances system of the U.S. and many other governments'}, {'id': '572a12386aef051400155236', 'title': 'Immune_system', 'context': 'In addition to the negative consequences of sleep deprivation, sleep and the intertwined circadian system have been shown to have strong regulatory effects on immunological functions affecting both the innate and the adaptive immunity. First, during the early slow-wave-sleep stage, a sudden drop in blood levels of cortisol, epinephrine, and norepinephrine induce increased blood levels of the hormones leptin, pituitary growth hormone, and prolactin. These signals induce a pro-inflammatory state through the production of the pro-inflammatory cytokines interleukin-1, interleukin-12, TNF-alpha and IFN-gamma. These cytokines then stimulate immune functions such as immune cells activation, proliferation, and differentiation. It is during this time that undifferentiated, or less differentiated, like naïve and central memory T cells, peak (i.e. during a time of a slowly evolving adaptive immune response). In addition to these effects, the milieu of hormones produced at this time (leptin, pituitary growth hormone, and prolactin) support the interactions between APCs and T-cells, a shift of the Th1/Th2 cytokine balance towards one that supports Th1, an increase in overall Th cell proliferation, and naïve T cell migration to lymph nodes. This milieu is also thought to support the formation of long-lasting immune memory through the initiation of Th1 immune responses.', 'question': 'Sleep hormones shift the cytokine balance to which cytokine?', 'answers': {'text': ['Th1', 'one that supports Th1'], 'answer_start': [1153, 1135]}, 'predicted_answer': 'Th1/Th2'}, {'id': '5728fb6a1d04691400778ef9', 'title': 'Civil_disobedience', 'context': 'One theory is that, while disobedience may be helpful, any great amount of it would undermine the law by encouraging general disobedience which is neither conscientious nor of social benefit. Therefore, conscientious lawbreakers must be punished. Michael Bayles argues that if a person violates a law in order to create a test case as to the constitutionality of a law, and then wins his case, then that act did not constitute civil disobedience. It has also been argued that breaking the law for self-gratification, as in the case of a homosexual or cannabis user who does not direct his act at securing the repeal of amendment of the law, is not civil disobedience. Likewise, a protestor who attempts to escape punishment by committing the crime covertly and avoiding attribution, or by denying having committed the crime, or by fleeing the jurisdiction, is generally viewed as not being a civil disobedient.', 'question': 'For what reason would someone avoid crimes while protesting?', 'answers': {'text': ['avoiding attribution', 'viewed as not being a civil disobedient', 'it would undermine the law by encouraging general disobedience', 'constitute civil disobedience'], 'answer_start': [761, 870, 75, 416]}, 'predicted_answer': 'punishment by committing the crime covertly'}, {'id': '5727c55bff5b5019007d94cf', 'title': 'Harvard_University', 'context': 'James Bryant Conant (president, 1933–1953) reinvigorated creative scholarship to guarantee its preeminence among research institutions. He saw higher education as a vehicle of opportunity for the talented rather than an entitlement for the wealthy, so Conant devised programs to identify, recruit, and support talented youth. In 1943, he asked the faculty make a definitive statement about what general education ought to be, at the secondary as well as the college level. The resulting Report, published in 1945, was one of the most influential manifestos in the history of American education in the 20th century.', 'question': 'How was the school able to bring aboard the best talented students?', 'answers': {'text': ['identify, recruit', 'Conant devised programs', 'programs to identify, recruit, and support talented youth'], 'answer_start': [279, 252, 267]}, 'predicted_answer': 'higher education as a vehicle of opportunity'}, {'id': '5727de862ca10214002d9863', 'title': 'Harvard_University', 'context': 'Politics: U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon; American political leaders John Hancock, John Adams, John Quincy Adams, Rutherford B. Hayes, Theodore Roosevelt, Franklin D. Roosevelt, John F. Kennedy, Al Gore, George W. Bush and Barack Obama; Chilean President Sebastián Piñera; Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos; Costa Rican President José María Figueres; Mexican Presidents Felipe Calderón, Carlos Salinas de Gortari and Miguel de la Madrid; Mongolian President Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj; Peruvian President Alejandro Toledo; Taiwanese President Ma Ying-jeou; Canadian Governor General David Lloyd Johnston; Indian Member of Parliament Jayant Sinha; Albanian Prime Minister Fan S. Noli; Canadian Prime Ministers Mackenzie King and Pierre Trudeau; Greek Prime Minister Antonis Samaras; Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu; former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto; U. S. Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Shaun Donovan; Canadian political leader Michael Ignatieff; Pakistani Members of Provincial Assembly Murtaza Bhutto and Sanam Bhutto; Bangladesh Minister of Finance Abul Maal Abdul Muhith; President of Puntland Abdiweli Mohamed Ali; U.S. Ambassador to the European Union Anthony Luzzatto Gardner.', 'question': 'What Harvard Alumni was the Palestine Prime Minister?', 'answers': {'text': ['Benjamin Netanyahu', 'Benazir Bhutto'], 'answer_start': [809, 861]}, 'predicted_answer': 'Franklin D. Roosevelt'}, {'id': '5727e6cbff5b5019007d97f2', 'title': 'Economic_inequality', 'context': 'A study by the World Institute for Development Economics Research at United Nations University reports that the richest 1% of adults alone owned 40% of global assets in the year 2000. The three richest people in the world possess more financial assets than the lowest 48 nations combined. The combined wealth of the "10 million dollar millionaires" grew to nearly $41 trillion in 2008. A January 2014 report by Oxfam claims that the 85 wealthiest individuals in the world have a combined wealth equal to that of the bottom 50% of the world\'s population, or about 3.5 billion people. According to a Los Angeles Times analysis of the report, the wealthiest 1% owns 46% of the world\'s wealth; the 85 richest people, a small part of the wealthiest 1%, own about 0.7% of the human population\'s wealth, which is the same as the bottom half of the population. More recently, in January 2015, Oxfam reported that the wealthiest 1 percent will own more than half of the global wealth by 2016. An October 2014 study by Credit Suisse also claims that the top 1% now own nearly half of the world\'s wealth and that the accelerating disparity could trigger a recession. In October 2015, Credit Suisse published a study which shows global inequality continues to increase, and that half of the world\'s wealth is now in the hands of those in the top percentile, whose assets each exceed $759,900. A 2016 report by Oxfam claims that the 62 wealthiest individuals own as much wealth as the poorer half of the global population combined. Oxfam\'s claims have however been questioned on the basis of the methodology used: by using net wealth (adding up assets and subtracting debts), the Oxfam report, for instance, finds that there are more poor people in the United States and Western Europe than in China (due to a greater tendency to take on debts).[unreliable source?][unreliable source?] Anthony Shorrocks, the lead author of the Credit Suisse report which is one of the sources of Oxfam\'s data, considers the criticism about debt to be a "silly argument" and "a non-issue . . . a diversion."', 'question': 'Why does Oxfam and Credit Suisse believe their findings are being doubted?', 'answers': {'text': ['a diversion', 'the basis of the methodology used', 'there are more poor people in the United States and Western Europe than in China'], 'answer_start': [2064, 1566, 1706]}, 'predicted_answer': 'by using net wealth'}, {'id': '5727ea45ff5b5019007d986f', 'title': 'Economic_inequality', 'context': 'In Marxian analysis, capitalist firms increasingly substitute capital equipment for labor inputs (workers) under competitive pressure to reduce costs and maximize profits. Over the long-term, this trend increases the organic composition of capital, meaning that less workers are required in proportion to capital inputs, increasing unemployment (the "reserve army of labour"). This process exerts a downward pressure on wages. The substitution of capital equipment for labor (mechanization and automation) raises the productivity of each worker, resulting in a situation of relatively stagnant wages for the working class amidst rising levels of property income for the capitalist class.', 'question': 'What impact does workers working harder have on productivity of a business?', 'answers': {'text': ['less workers are required', 'raises the productivity of each worker,'], 'answer_start': [262, 506]}, 'predicted_answer': 'relatively stagnant wages'}, {'id': '5729723c6aef051400154eec', 'title': 'Chloroplast', 'context': 'As a result, chloroplasts in C4 mesophyll cells and bundle sheath cells are specialized for each stage of photosynthesis. In mesophyll cells, chloroplasts are specialized for the light reactions, so they lack rubisco, and have normal grana and thylakoids, which they use to make ATP and NADPH, as well as oxygen. They store CO2 in a four-carbon compound, which is why the process is called C4 photosynthesis. The four-carbon compound is then transported to the bundle sheath chloroplasts, where it drops off CO2 and returns to the mesophyll. Bundle sheath chloroplasts do not carry out the light reactions, preventing oxygen from building up in them and disrupting rubisco activity. Because of this, they lack thylakoids organized into grana stacks—though bundle sheath chloroplasts still have free-floating thylakoids in the stroma where they still carry out cyclic electron flow, a light-driven method of synthesizing ATP to power the Calvin cycle without generating oxygen. They lack photosystem II, and only have photosystem I—the only protein complex needed for cyclic electron flow. Because the job of bundle sheath chloroplasts is to carry out the Calvin cycle and make sugar, they often contain large starch grains.', 'question': 'What do bundle sheath chloroplasts specialize in?', 'answers': {'text': ['to carry out the Calvin cycle and make sugar', 'the Calvin cycle', 'cyclic electron flow'], 'answer_start': [1138, 1151, 860]}, 'predicted_answer': 'C4 mesophyll cells'}, {'id': '572fe92204bcaa1900d76e95', 'title': 'Rhine', 'context': 'The flow of cold, gray mountain water continues for some distance into the lake. The cold water flows near the surface and at first doesn\'t mix with the warmer, green waters of Upper Lake. But then, at the so-called Rheinbrech, the Rhine water abruptly falls into the depths because of the greater density of cold water. The flow reappears on the surface at the northern (German) shore of the lake, off the island of Lindau. The water then follows the northern shore until Hagnau am Bodensee. A small fraction of the flow is diverted off the island of Mainau into Lake Überlingen. Most of the water flows via the Constance hopper into the Rheinrinne ("Rhine Gutter") and Seerhein. Depending on the water level, this flow of the Rhine water is clearly visible along the entire length of the lake.', 'question': 'Where does the cold water mix with Lake Constance?', 'answers': {'text': ['Rheinbrech', 'Upper Lake', 'Rheinrinne'], 'answer_start': [216, 177, 639]}, 'predicted_answer': 'near the surface'}, {'id': '572ff932a23a5019007fcbd7', 'title': 'Islamism', 'context': 'Islamism is a controversial concept not just because it posits a political role for Islam but also because its supporters believe their views merely reflect Islam, while the contrary idea that Islam is, or can be, apolitical is an error. Scholars and observers who do not believe that Islam is merely a political ideology include Fred Halliday, John Esposito and Muslim intellectuals like Javed Ahmad Ghamidi. Hayri Abaza argues the failure to distinguish between Islam and Islamism leads many in the West to support illiberal Islamic regimes, to the detriment of progressive moderates who seek to separate religion from politics.', 'question': "The idea that Islam can be apolitical isn't able to be embraced by whom?", 'answers': {'text': ['its supporters', 'Scholars and observers', 'Islamism'], 'answer_start': [107, 238, 0]}, 'predicted_answer': 'progressive moderates'}, {'id': '57302e45947a6a140053d232', 'title': 'Islamism', 'context': 'In its focus on the Caliphate, the party takes a different view of Muslim history than some other Islamists such as Muhammad Qutb. HT sees Islam\'s pivotal turning point as occurring not with the death of Ali, or one of the other four rightly guided Caliphs in the 7th century, but with the abolition of the Ottoman Caliphate in 1924. This is believed to have ended the true Islamic system, something for which it blames "the disbelieving (Kafir) colonial powers" working through Turkish modernist Mustafa Kemal Atatürk.', 'question': 'What are colonial powers blamed for?', 'answers': {'text': ['ended the true Islamic system', 'working through Turkish modernist Mustafa Kemal Atatürk', 'abolition of the Ottoman Caliphate'], 'answer_start': [359, 463, 290]}, 'predicted_answer': 'the disbelieving (Kafir)'}, {'id': '573081c2069b531400832137', 'title': 'Imperialism', 'context': '"The word ‘empire’ comes from the Latin word imperium; for which the closest modern English equivalent would perhaps be ‘sovereignty’, or simply ‘rule’". The greatest distinction of an empire is through the amount of land that a nation has conquered and expanded. Political power grew from conquering land, however cultural and economic aspects flourished through sea and trade routes. A distinction about empires is "that although political empires were built mostly by expansion overland, economic and cultural influences spread at least as much by sea". Some of the main aspects of trade that went overseas consisted of animals and plant products. European empires in Asia and Africa "have come to be seen as the classic forms of imperialism: and indeed most books on the subject confine themselves to the European seaborne empires". European expansion caused the world to be divided by how developed and developing nation are portrayed through the world systems theory. The two main regions are the core and the periphery. The core consists of high areas of income and profit; the periphery is on the opposing side of the spectrum consisting of areas of low income and profit. These critical theories of Geo-politics have led to increased discussion of the meaning and impact of imperialism on the modern post-colonial world. The Russian leader Lenin suggested that "imperialism was the highest form of capitalism, claiming that imperialism developed after colonialism, and was distinguished from colonialism by monopoly capitalism". This idea from Lenin stresses how important new political world order has become in our modern era. Geopolitics now focuses on states becoming major economic players in the market; some states today are viewed as empires due to their political and economic authority over other nations.', 'question': 'Most imperialism was carried out using which method of transport?', 'answers': {'text': ['seaborne', 'land', 'sea and trade routes', 'sea'], 'answer_start': [818, 301, 364, 551]}, 'predicted_answer': 'overland'}, {'id': '5737a25ac3c5551400e51f52', 'title': 'Force', 'context': 'where  is the relevant cross-sectional area for the volume for which the stress-tensor is being calculated. This formalism includes pressure terms associated with forces that act normal to the cross-sectional area (the matrix diagonals of the tensor) as well as shear terms associated with forces that act parallel to the cross-sectional area (the off-diagonal elements). The stress tensor accounts for forces that cause all strains (deformations) including also tensile stresses and compressions.:133–134:38-1–38-11', 'question': 'What is used to calculate cross section area in the volume of an object?', 'answers': {'text': ['pressure terms', 'stress tensor', 'pressure terms associated with forces that act normal to the cross-sectional area (the matrix diagonals of the tensor) as well as shear terms'], 'answer_start': [132, 376, 132]}, 'predicted_answer': 'stress-tensor'}]
